Comparing lossless versus lossy compression for Windows users (#307)
datacarpentry/image-processing: episodes/03-skimage-images.md

but you can see the size difference by comparing the scales for each.

> You can also see the differnce in file storage size on disk by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also see the difference in file storage size on disk by
```

hovering your mouse cursor over the original

> and the new file in the jupyter file browser, using `ls -l` in your shell 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and the new files in the Jupyter file browser, using `ls -l` in your shell 
```

> (`dir` with Windows PowerShell), or the OS file browser if it is configured to show file sizes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(`dir` with Windows PowerShell), or viewing file sizes in the OS file browser if it is configured so.
```
Because it goes like "by hovering ..., using ..., or ..." (right?).
